# Setup instructions for Windows
1. Manually install ffmpeg, plibsys, and libtess2 (only libraries as of this writing). I list out the instructions I used for compilation, though it's likely other compilation strategies should work as welll. 
    - plibsys (https://github.com/saprykin/plibsys) is mainly used for platform independent threads. Compile using the provided CMakeLists.txt, ensuring that a 64 bit target is used (most easily achieved by compiling under the "x64bit native tools for windows" app). Place all relevant binaries, without changing names under cengine/lib/plibsys/. Place all relevant headers under cengine/include/plibsys.
    - libtess2 (https://github.com/memononen/libtess2) is used for triangulation. Theres only a few files so it's pretty easy to compile yourself. Place headers under cengine/include/libtess2, and binaries under cengine/lib/libtess2/
    - ffmpeg and associated libraries (https://ottverse.com/ffmpeg-builds/) are used for video encoding. Download prebuilt binaries from provided links. Place binaries under cengine/lib/ffmpeg, and headers under cengine/include/ffmpeg (do not flatten the libavcodec, so it should be like cengine/include/ffmpeg/libavcodec/avcodec.h)
    - All visual studio imports should work after this step. If it doesn't, try deleting the target directory, as the post build library copy step tries not to copy if the destination file already exists and is newer.

# Important Project Structure Notes
1. Because imports for libraries are fixed (which I find to be more convenient than cmaking as some annoying setup stuff is removed, though this comes at the disadvantage of user configuration/freedom), **additional include directories for both the bridge project and the cengine project must be updated when adding new libraries**. We use libraries sparingly, so this should hopefully not be too much of an issue.
2. Related to 1, we use flat includes. This basically means that you can include files that are not actually in the same folder as the file, without doing relative includes. Although I managed to get a prebuild script working that could automatically detect all folders in cengine/, it seemed rather difficult to actually insert the contents of a file (or invoke a shell script) into the additional include directories field manually. Similarly, manually flattening the directory structure is easy, but then all compile errors are listed in relation to the flattened files which gets confusing when you open up. Thus, for now the solution is to simply manually list out all the include directories. **If you are adding a new directory to cengine, additional include directories for both the bridge project and cengine project must be updated.**
